_pages/media_onepage.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Our research in the news"
permalink: /media/
author_profile: true
---

Swiss national TV "SRF" reports on our research in the news program "10 vor 10": [«Living Planet Symposium» mit Schweizer Beteiligung](https://www.srf.ch/play/tv/10-vor-10/video/living-planet-symposium-mit-schweizer-beteiligung?urn=urn:srf:video:f195eabf-8b7b-4689-b8f2-3d64165dedd3).

News article by NASA: "[Scientists Show How Forests Measure Up](https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/images/149793/scientists-show-how-forests-measure-up)" (2022)

Online story by NBC: "[Battle in Space to Save the Earth](https://www.nbcbayarea.com/investigations/battle-in-space-to-save-the-earth/2889267/)" (2022)

News article by NVIDIA: "[Neural Network Generates Global Tree Height Map, Reveals Carbon Stock Potential](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/neural-network-generates-global-tree-height-map-reveals-carbon-stock-potential/)" (2022)

News article by TechCrunch: "[Perceptron: AI mixes concrete, designs molecules, and thinks with space lasers](https://techcrunch.com/2022/04/30/perceptron-ai-news-roundup/?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAAKO1ZDvKhZWTWL_mnsmx58LaIuerooOrVblhoUt2lYsXLTZ0ay-R5C1ng2j3FfKnQgYMqn-FfQHbEmvcdyDGwd-kXDJYmPF4-V1oIHBrB3sxPckZdJtuKTQQCiq2gLUUC-690yuTJikY4m8v-sUXUvpEvbupLoNfYJz_FOdEyInf)" (2022)

News article by TechXplore: "[Neural network can read tree heights from satellite images](https://techxplore.com/news/2022-04-neural-network-tree-heights-satellite.html)" (2022)

News article by ETH Zürich: "[Neuronales Netzwerk kann Baumhöhen von Satellitenbildern ablesen](https://ethz.ch/de/news-und-veranstaltungen/eth-news/news/2022/04/neuronales-netzwerk-kann-baumhoehen-von-satellitenbildern-ablesen.html)" [[English version](https://ethz.ch/en/news-and-events/eth-news/news/2022/04/neural-network-can-read-tree-heights-from-satellite-images.html)] (2022)

Live radio interview with the Swiss national radio SRF1: "[Die Vermessung der Wälder"/"Measuring the forests](https://www.srf.ch/audio/treffpunkt/die-vermessung-der-waelder?id=12035145)" (2021)

News article by Mongabay: "[Chocolate giant funds high resolution carbon map to protect forests](https://news.mongabay.com/2021/06/chocolate-giant-funds-high-resolution-carbon-map-to-protect-forests/)" (2021)

News article by Barry Callebaut: "[Artificial intelligence against deforestation](https://www.barry-callebaut.com/en/group/media/news-stories/artificial-intelligence-against-deforestation)" (2021)

News article by the High Carbon Stock Approach: "[Publicly available indicative High Carbon Stock Forest maps for Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines](https://highcarbonstock.org/publicly-available-indicative-high-carbon-stock-forest-maps-for-malaysia-indonesia-and-the-philippines/)" (2021)

Interview with RESET Digital for Good: "[EcoVision Lab Is Mapping Biomass for the Good of the Planet](https://en.reset.org/blog/interview-ecovision-lab-mapping-biomass-good-planet-01282021)" (2021) 

News article by ETH Zürich Industry Relations: "[A global tool against deforestation](https://ethz.ch/en/industry-and-society/industry-relations/industry-news/2020/05/a-global-tool-against-deforestation.html)" (2020)

Commit message:

update news: FGVC10 workshop & German national TV

_pages/media_onepage.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Our research in the news"
permalink: /media/
author_profile: true
---

German national TV "ARD" presents our research on global canopy height mapping in the quiz show ["Wer Weiss Denn Sowas"](https://www.daserste.de/unterhaltung/quiz-show/wer-weiss-denn-sowas/sendung/wer-weiss-denn-sowas-folge-931-100.html). (2022)

Swiss national TV "SRF" reports on our research in the news program "10 vor 10": [«Living Planet Symposium» mit Schweizer Beteiligung](https://www.srf.ch/play/tv/10-vor-10/video/living-planet-symposium-mit-schweizer-beteiligung?urn=urn:srf:video:f195eabf-8b7b-4689-b8f2-3d64165dedd3). (2022)

News article by NASA: "[Scientists Show How Forests Measure Up](https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/images/149793/scientists-show-how-forests-measure-up)" (2022)

Online story by NBC: "[Battle in Space to Save the Earth](https://www.nbcbayarea.com/investigations/battle-in-space-to-save-the-earth/2889267/)" (2022)

News article by NVIDIA: "[Neural Network Generates Global Tree Height Map, Reveals Carbon Stock Potential](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/neural-network-generates-global-tree-height-map-reveals-carbon-stock-potential/)" (2022)

News article by TechCrunch: "[Perceptron: AI mixes concrete, designs molecules, and thinks with space lasers](https://techcrunch.com/2022/04/30/perceptron-ai-news-roundup/?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAAKO1ZDvKhZWTWL_mnsmx58LaIuerooOrVblhoUt2lYsXLTZ0ay-R5C1ng2j3FfKnQgYMqn-FfQHbEmvcdyDGwd-kXDJYmPF4-V1oIHBrB3sxPckZdJtuKTQQCiq2gLUUC-690yuTJikY4m8v-sUXUvpEvbupLoNfYJz_FOdEyInf)" (2022)

News article by TechXplore: "[Neural network can read tree heights from satellite images](https://techxplore.com/news/2022-04-neural-network-tree-heights-satellite.html)" (2022)

News article by ETH Zürich: "[Neuronales Netzwerk kann Baumhöhen von Satellitenbildern ablesen](https://ethz.ch/de/news-und-veranstaltungen/eth-news/news/2022/04/neuronales-netzwerk-kann-baumhoehen-von-satellitenbildern-ablesen.html)" [[English version](https://ethz.ch/en/news-and-events/eth-news/news/2022/04/neural-network-can-read-tree-heights-from-satellite-images.html)] (2022)

Live radio interview with the Swiss national radio SRF1: "[Die Vermessung der Wälder"/"Measuring the forests](https://www.srf.ch/audio/treffpunkt/die-vermessung-der-waelder?id=12035145)" (2021)

News article by Mongabay: "[Chocolate giant funds high resolution carbon map to protect forests](https://news.mongabay.com/2021/06/chocolate-giant-funds-high-resolution-carbon-map-to-protect-forests/)" (2021)

News article by Barry Callebaut: "[Artificial intelligence against deforestation](https://www.barry-callebaut.com/en/group/media/news-stories/artificial-intelligence-against-deforestation)" (2021)

News article by the High Carbon Stock Approach: "[Publicly available indicative High Carbon Stock Forest maps for Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines](https://highcarbonstock.org/publicly-available-indicative-high-carbon-stock-forest-maps-for-malaysia-indonesia-and-the-philippines/)" (2021)

Interview with RESET Digital for Good: "[EcoVision Lab Is Mapping Biomass for the Good of the Planet](https://en.reset.org/blog/interview-ecovision-lab-mapping-biomass-good-planet-01282021)" (2021) 

News article by ETH Zürich Industry Relations: "[A global tool against deforestation](https://ethz.ch/en/industry-and-society/industry-relations/industry-news/2020/05/a-global-tool-against-deforestation.html)" (2020)
