_pages/talks_onepage.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Talks and other activities"
permalink: /talks/
author_profile: true
---

-   May 2022: Oral presentation at ESA's Living Planet Symposium in Bonn about our work on global high-resolution canopy height mapping fusing Sentinel-2 and GEDI. See the [project page](https://langnico.github.io/globalcanopyheight/).

-   May 2022: Invited talk at [ML for Remote Sensing virtual discussion group](https://groups.google.com/g/ml4rs) organized by [Hannah Kerner](https://hannah-rae.github.io/) and [Patrick Clifton Gray](http://patrickgray.me/). See their schedule [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ5j59KWQCI7zvH-scVx6dh58ceC-ZiHJKRFl2Y64vC7rFWeJybivZBde3EpAxwGSUmmKY2THUjXGES/pub).

-   February 2022: Invited seminar talk to the [Alan Turing Institute Environment and Sustainability Special Interest Group](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/interest-groups/environment-and-sustainability).

-   January 2022: Invited talk at Google's [Geo for Good Lightning Talks Series #6: Forest & Nature](https://earthoutreachonair.withgoogle.com/events/lightningtalk6).

-   October 2021: Invited talk at the [HCSA](https://highcarbonstock.org/) Largescale Working Group Meeting to present our [latest work](https://nlang.users.earthengine.app/view/canopy-height-and-carbon-stock-southeast-asia-2020) on large-scale indicative high carbon stock mapping.

-   October 2021: Invited to present our [HCS research project](https://prs.igp.ethz.ch/research/current_projects/automated_large-scale_high_carbon_stock.html) at the [AI+X Summit](https://ai.ethz.ch/news-and-events/events/ai-x-summit-2021.html) organized by the [ETH AI Center](https://ai.ethz.ch/)

-   June 2021: Invited to participate in the Workshop on the EU Forest Observatory

-   May 2021: Invited talk at [ESA Phi-lab](https://philab.phi.esa.int/): "Towards global high-resolution biomass maps: machine vision at large scale"

-   December 2020: Poster presentation at NeurIPS Europe meetup on Bayesian Deep Learning: "Global Canopy Height Regression from Space-borne LiDAR"

-   October 2019: Poster presentation at [World Food System Center Research Symposium 2019](https://worldfoodsystem.ethz.ch/outreach-and-events/past-events/symposium-2019.html): "Vegetation height mapping with Sentinel-2"

-   May 2019: Poster presentation at European Space Agency's (ESA) Living Planet Symposium 2019 in Milan: "Country-wide high-resolution vegetation height mapping with Sentinel-2"

-   April 2019: Invited Talk at WSIS Forum 2019 in Geneva in the session "[How to automate analysis of aerial data in the context of Aid & Development](https://blog.werobotics.org/2019/03/19/join-us-at-wsis-forum-2019-in-geneva/)" led by [WeRobotics](https://blog.werobotics.org/) : "Machine Learning for Environmental Sciences"

-   October 2018: Invited to the Clinton Global Initiative University meeting in Chicago

Commit message:

update invited talk AI for Good

_pages/talks_onepage.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Talks and other activities"
permalink: /talks/
author_profile: true
---
-   May 2023: Invited talk at [AI for Good](https://aiforgood.itu.int/event/remote-sensing-enables-monitoring-life-above-and-under-water-global-vegetation-monitoring-with-probabilistic-deep-learning/): "Global vegetation monitoring with probabilistic deep learning"

-   May 2022: Oral presentation at ESA's Living Planet Symposium in Bonn about our work on global high-resolution canopy height mapping fusing Sentinel-2 and GEDI. See the [project page](https://langnico.github.io/globalcanopyheight/).

-   May 2022: Invited talk at [ML for Remote Sensing virtual discussion group](https://groups.google.com/g/ml4rs) organized by [Hannah Kerner](https://hannah-rae.github.io/) and [Patrick Clifton Gray](http://patrickgray.me/). See their schedule [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ5j59KWQCI7zvH-scVx6dh58ceC-ZiHJKRFl2Y64vC7rFWeJybivZBde3EpAxwGSUmmKY2THUjXGES/pub).

-   February 2022: Invited seminar talk to the [Alan Turing Institute Environment and Sustainability Special Interest Group](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/interest-groups/environment-and-sustainability).

-   January 2022: Invited talk at Google's [Geo for Good Lightning Talks Series #6: Forest & Nature](https://earthoutreachonair.withgoogle.com/events/lightningtalk6).

-   October 2021: Invited talk at the [HCSA](https://highcarbonstock.org/) Largescale Working Group Meeting to present our [latest work](https://nlang.users.earthengine.app/view/canopy-height-and-carbon-stock-southeast-asia-2020) on large-scale indicative high carbon stock mapping.

-   October 2021: Invited to present our [HCS research project](https://prs.igp.ethz.ch/research/current_projects/automated_large-scale_high_carbon_stock.html) at the [AI+X Summit](https://ai.ethz.ch/news-and-events/events/ai-x-summit-2021.html) organized by the [ETH AI Center](https://ai.ethz.ch/)

-   June 2021: Invited to participate in the Workshop on the EU Forest Observatory

-   May 2021: Invited talk at [ESA Phi-lab](https://philab.phi.esa.int/): "Towards global high-resolution biomass maps: machine vision at large scale"

-   December 2020: Poster presentation at NeurIPS Europe meetup on Bayesian Deep Learning: "Global Canopy Height Regression from Space-borne LiDAR"

-   October 2019: Poster presentation at [World Food System Center Research Symposium 2019](https://worldfoodsystem.ethz.ch/outreach-and-events/past-events/symposium-2019.html): "Vegetation height mapping with Sentinel-2"

-   May 2019: Poster presentation at European Space Agency's (ESA) Living Planet Symposium 2019 in Milan: "Country-wide high-resolution vegetation height mapping with Sentinel-2"

-   April 2019: Invited Talk at WSIS Forum 2019 in Geneva in the session "[How to automate analysis of aerial data in the context of Aid & Development](https://blog.werobotics.org/2019/03/19/join-us-at-wsis-forum-2019-in-geneva/)" led by [WeRobotics](https://blog.werobotics.org/) : "Machine Learning for Environmental Sciences"

-   October 2018: Invited to the Clinton Global Initiative University meeting in Chicago
